an AR xo1 drum kit is made up of 24
individual sounds and each kit has its
own multi effects and reverb processors
the AR EXO one drum expansion starts
with 40 preset drum kits ranging from
acoustic drums to the sounds of vintage
gear these presets were mixed at the
best studios to be production-ready out
of the box and are provided to give you
a great starting point to begin creating
drum parts for your projects the real
power of the air xo1 drum expansion
comes from designing your own kits to
begin either select a preset kit as a
starting place or a newly initialized
kit press a key on the keyboard to call
up a tone the ARX will display a group
of settings that are unique to that
tones characteristics the ARX oh one
drum expansion provides different
parameters for both acoustic and
electronic type tones the settings for
acoustic kick drums and snares let you
change shell sizes
tunings from super low to extreme high
pitches and vary the amount of muffling
or dampening that can be added to the
drum
mic physician adjusts the amount of room
ambience for the tone
and fuzz varies the amount of snare
bleeding you hear when you mic a drum
kit
hi hats and cymbals have their own
settings as well including adjustment of
the size of the cymbal and the amount of
sustain you can create high hats as
tight or loose as you need crash cymbals
can be varied and tiny flat fitted the
large ride cymbal the air xo1 drum
expansion gives wide-ranging control
over electronic type tones electronic
kicks have adjustments for tuning attack
level decay cutoff and resonance put
your own spin on a classic 808 or 909
sound you can shape snare tones pie hats
and percussion that harken back to
classic drum machines or create
completely new sounds